what's up everyone filson Ovitz here
with iOS vlog calm and today we're going
to be playing the newly released Temple
Run 2 so let's get right on into it now
the game holds some of the older aspects
of the game where you're just running
basically through the jungle avoiding
obstacles tilting and turning your
device as well as swiping up down left
right just going and just going and
dodging all the obstacles that are
getting in your way as you can see here
I just completely failed now you can
also save yourself if you buy some gems
let's go ahead and start that run again
because that was a complete fail for the
first time I've been playing it and it
does have improved graphics over the
first temple run as you can see there's
a new rope swing feature right there as
well as a few new obstacles there's
waterfalls just like that you'll see
some of the older obstacles that you see
in Temple Run 1 as well like the flames
as well as stuff you just have to jump
over and just slide under and things
like that there's these walls that get
in your way that you can either tilt
against or you can go ahead and jump
over them either one you can collect
jewels like that and fall off cliffs as
you would in the first temple run so
let's go ahead and run one more time on
camera as always guys it's harder to
play games so don't blame me I'm not
that bad at this game so let's go ahead
and grab these gems or these coins will
go ahead and swipe jump jump and then
swipe and some of the obstacles again
the way do get a bit confusing like
you'll think that you slid under
something but then another sliding
obstacle comes in the way so you have to
slide twice it's basically your average
temple run game it's a it's not too much
improved over the first one but you can
call it a sequel it's nice and it has a
lot of nice upgrades like the visuals
and the environment as you can see I
believe that was a new obstacle that
will spinning wheel with the swipe and
with the spikes right there and if you
saw what I just dodged back there that
confused me for a bit i did not know
what to do i had to swipe either left or
right to choose a path but it seems like
you're just going to fall over the edge
and yes i have fallen over the edge many
times there you saw the flames for the
first time in Temple Run 2 you guys can
see the new and improved
graphics in the game they're really nice
and I like the new features it's
definitely a nice little sequel
especially since the game is free it's
one of those try one more time games as
you can see I have tried one more time
many many times and all you do is
collect coins and then there's
achievements that you can try to
overcome and achieve if you if you
achieve those and you level up and he
gain gain gems and coins and things like
that where you can level up your
character and with level ups you can do
things like gain coins faster you can go
ahead and improve the distance you ran
and obviously there's going to be an
online leaderboard yes I'm completely
failing at this game right now so as you
guys can see you can go over here and it
will show you all the achievements how
close you are to the next level right
there my next achievement is to collect
500 coins unlock a second power up and
250 meters collecting no coins so let's
go to next right here and we can go to
upgrades check them out you can choose
from one of these characters that they
have right here the up there is four of
them and each of them have their own
special abilities now you can either use
gems that you can buy via in-app
purchase or you can also gain them in
the game it just takes a little bit
longer if we go over here we can upgrade
our shield or coin bonus boost score
bonus coin magnet gem bonus right there
and if we go back we can also upgrade
our abilities with our coins that we
gained within the game so we have coin
value shield duration coin magnet boost
distance pick up spawn power meter saved
me head start and score multiplier and
that's about it for all the features of
Temple Run 2 it's actually a really
addicting game and I've been playing the
first one for a while and I was really
excited for the Second Temple Run to be
released today right now I had to
download it from the New Zealand App
Store which I made a free account for
the New Zealand App Store there's plenty
of guides on how to do that on the
internet if you just google it or you
guys can just wait for it to release
worldwide which should be sometime later
tonight it is a free game but if you
want to buy some of the upgrades in the
store then you're going to have
to go ahead and purchase gems I'm
actually not sure how to get to the
store to show you guys that but if you
want to do things like retry if you fail
one time during your run you can go
ahead and use your gems to recover and
you'll keep running with your same
points in everything like that so it's
actually really nice if you want to
spend maybe a dollar on the game maybe
to donate to the developers for making
such a great free game then you can do
that and you'll have a little bit of
extra fun with the game I'm just not too
big into the in-app purchase thing I
just like playing the game as it is as
it is a free game it's kind of more fun
for me to gain achievements on my own
without having to buy my way through it
but if they didn't have that then there
would be no temple run guys you guys can
find temple run for free as a freemium
game not really freemium because you
don't really have to buy the gems to go
through the game and everything like
that but it is a in-app purchase game
and it's free in the App Store should be
releasing tonight hopefully you guys
like this gameplay video and you guys
enjoyed it please be sure to give a
thumbs up for the video also comment
down below and subscribe for more iOS
related videos and be sure to stay tuned
for the midweek roundup which is coming
up later tonight where we will share all
the latest iOS news in the iOS robe see
you later temple runner and guys be sure
to check out the social network that's
Twitter Google+ Instagram and Facebook
down below and be sure to check out iOS
vlog calm for all of your latest iOS
news thank you all for watching and
being awesome viewers while you guys
watch me suck at this game and I will
see you all in the next one